---
layout: post
title: MCEConf 2016 day 2
category: blog
---

Hi!
Second day of MCE3 is over. It has been a really nice day where and once again I had a chance to speak with people passionate about what they do. Let's go through my today's schedule.

Kyle Fuller
---
It was my first talk of the day. Kyle was speaking about how you can create a webservice using your swift skills. I really like that he stepped through all necessary steps of how to serve your first service using existing tools. 

Marin Todorov
---
Marin Todorov gave some nice speach and told us about some tricks he used while creating EasyAnimation. You can find EasyAnimation on his github - [github](https://github.com/icanzilb/EasyAnimation). Looks like "swizzling all the methods" worked for him. 

Jon Reid
---
I have to admit this was one of the best presentations that I've seen on MCE3. I totaly encourage you to watch a record when it is available. Great practices mixed with amazing knowledge sharing skills. If you want to break free from MVC, then totally take a look at this.

Open By Default
---
After the lunch break we could see "Open by Default" Panel. Ash Furrow, Ágnes Vásárhelyi, Anastasia Pistofidou, Staś Małolepszy and Tomasz Kolinko had a chat about how open-sourcing our code by default can help us. Ash says that we should find reasons to close our code and make it open by default. For sure there are many valid reasons we might want to close it. At Mozilla, interns admit that it's great that they can show their work to their friends.

Once again I encourage you to see videos from MCE3. I can find some great talks there!

Tomorrow I'll attend Jitter workshops, so see you there!